
This INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT  is entered into by and between SunPlus Data Group, Inc.
 (hereinafter “SDG”) located at 325 Lester Rd, Suite A, Lawrenceville, GA and _ConsultADD, Inc_(Subcontractor) with Federal
 ID number (EIN) #_ 27-4565433__, and office address at _ 5605 Mac Arthur Blvd Suite, Irving, TX – 75038

Terms and conditions:-
1.)Subcontractor shall be responsible for providing any and all necessary materials required to perform services called for by Client.
 Subcontractor shall be solely dependent upon its own skills, resources and expertise in the performances of these services.


2.) The Initial Term of this Agreement is __12__ months from the date of its execution.
 Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall remain in force from month to month (the “Extended Term”). 

3.)In the event Subcontractor at any time fails or refuses to perform any of its undertakings or agreements set forth in this Agreement,
 SDG may, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies which it may have, terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Subcontractor.

4.) Payment of these invoices from SunPlus Data Group will be on a net 30 days for all approved timesheets. 
SDG shall not be liable for any payments to subcontractor.

5.)The parties further acknowledge and agree that Subcontractor’s employees who are performing services for Client and will remain at all time employees of Subcontractor, who will be responsible for payment of salary, payment of benefits, the maintenance of worker’s compensation insurance, and any and all other obligations incident to the employer/employee relationship.

6.) Subcontractor shall obtain and maintain, during the term of this Agreement, worker’s compensation insurance as required by law with an All States endorsement, and employer’s liability in the amount of $100,000.00 per occurrence.

7.)Subcontractor shall obtain and maintain, during the term of this Agreement, comprehensive automobile liability insurance
 with bodily injury limits and/or property damage liabilities.
8.)Any notice or demand to be given hereunder by either party shall be in writing, and shall be made by personal delivery or by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested